{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949\cocoasubrtf540
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11160\viewh10160\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 NSF Grant Data Ideas (from CSV data):\
\
- Just take average award amount for each year from like 1980 to now. Look at both "Estimated Total Award Amount" and "Funds obligated to date"f\
\
- Are there times of the year when more awards are given (look at "Award Start Date")? \
\
- How does duration of the award correspond to amount given (will have to find a way to subtract award start date from award expiration date)? Does a long award also correspond to a large difference between total award amount and funds obligated to date?\
\
- Sum total awards for each state/zip code/congressional district and make heat map of United States showing which states/zip codes/congressional districts receive the most funding. Normalize for population...? And then plot again?\
\
- Difference in funding depending on "Program Source"? Basically education vs. research vs. something else?\
\
- Big ol' bar graph showing "Program" vs. total funding. There might be way too many programs.\
\
- Try predicting grant amount (decide which value to use based on graph of estimated total award amount and funds obligated to date) using A. just the title, B. just the abstract\
\
XML data is similar, but not the same}